📖 Document how to configure global pull secrets (#1410)
operator-framework/operator-controller: docs/tutorials/install-extension.md

* The name, and optionally version, or channel, of the [supported extension](../project/olmv1_limitations.md) to be installed
* An existing namespace in which to install the extension

> **Note** To install ClusterExentions that are shipped as private container images hosted in an image registry, please see [How to conifgure global pull secrets](../howto/configure-global-pull-secrets.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Note** To install `ClusterExentions` that are shipped as container images hosted in an private registry, please see [Configure global pull secrets for allowing components to pull from private registries](../howto/configure-global-pull-secrets.md).
```

Just to match the title
